A real digital movie camera cost sooo damn much.
Umm i dont think ill get the tapegun intime
Hahaha.
The crash damage was minute to my car and I think to hers aswell just very minor body work/paint maybe a small dent.
if your already carrying hard id go something like lyiandries cause with the lead no one will catch you with this and the chunk is just bardo crazzzzyyyy.
When I turn off those 2 switches it drops down to between. .28- 2.1
I'm at 1500 hrs rn and my indtrsuctir stil dosnt let me solo.
Edge might be a need depending on FA and the Iowa guy (can not spell his name) is good but that's still a bit of a reach.
Now he and her both say they are just friends and never hooked up (yess I contacted her number ) lol but I don’t want to lose my man tho I also saw he has dating profiles and he says he doesn’t do it all the time .
now the question is shud l tell her how l feel about her??
eye wud liek 2 aply 4 vilage idot
lets drop down my main build cause its the best assasin play style i like.
There's always this one guy in horror movies that's like: Guys, there's a crazy a** killer running around so we should totally split up and get ourselves killed!
Edit 2: nvm. I’ll just print the thing
like yea I understand they booked for summer tats but at least say "hey I am booked for the rest of ____"
if I do I will be in my mid 30’s cuz I wanna live life my way
So i been getting alot questions about my builds from friends and happy on lookers lately!
"Wow ur soooiooo hot.
i asked her "why do u think ppl stopped liking it" and she said "cause it’s garbage.
I passed for UPLB BS Bio!
4. The f**k you splitting up for?!
we can'T do it alone c:
> my skin is green
hiii guys i wsa drinking with mmy friends from the us and my bf annd everyooes fell asleep and i wanna play some truth/dare or driink sooo if u have diiscord or kikk just msg mee owo
maybe i am overthinking but I'd rather die alone than live between these kinda PPL.
Their explanation is that they’re a bad texter, or busy, but honestly so am I(will takes days or a week to respond) but I don’t leave people on read or open messages I know I can’t respond to atm.
edit: nvm I'm a complete noob
EDIT: nvm, anytime I type in the chat the same shit happens
Wanna run some minecraft? XD
I’m on and off though, and have quite a bit of messages to go through ~ will get to them when I can :3
what a neat way to start isnt it?
it wont worrk even for play single
All of ya readers are my theraphie and i dont ow you a cent
why am I still alive.
Luckily the flare is a bit higher and not right where I make contact when sitting but it still hurts like a muther***
i forgot what i was about to say and i had math tutor but i couldn't focus and just also my mind is like chaos pppl
Btw, it's my first post on this subred, so might not have gotten it all down correct.
how do you guys keep it going through all the obstacles life throws at you..... how??
it’s come on fox on fridays and as soon as 7 o’clock hit i change the channel"
iv still 2 walls left unfinished and have spent last 45 min picking up wallpaper from everything.
After going "uhh no?" She sends me a picture of said candle holder.From her kitchen.
Btw this is coming from an iron 3 player (hardstuck, friends say i shud be silver and some even say plat cuz i carried a gold player)
Even just "bye" or "BRB" or something!
Why isnt they mayk lyk seseme street fo da kidz yo ?
Help wud b appreciated tyyy
> here come dat boi
ok so i swallowed a small piece of box(?) tape as i was trying to bite it off w my teeth n then i feel it in my ear😭 not ear but tht hole in my throat tht leads to the ear its jus stuck there omg😭😭😭
they match the graffiti tho !
Im going to admit that sometimes when i feel jealous i just want her to reassure me like how i reassure her that its all good but she will only reassure me once and then said bye or ttyl.
some of u are so lucky to get a gpu for free in here.. lol..
