A real digital movie camera costs so damn much.
Um, I don’t think I’ll get the tape gun in time.
Haha.
The crash damage was minute to my car and I think to hers as well, just very minor body work and paint, maybe a small dent.
If you’re already carrying hard, I’d go something like Liandry’s, because with the lead, no one will catch you with this, and the chunk is just Bard crazy.
When I turn off those 2 switches, it drops down to between .28- 2.1
I’m at 1500 hours right now, and my instructor still doesn’t let me solo.
Edge might be a need depending on FA, and the Iowa guy (I cannot spell his name) is good, but that’s still a bit of a reach.
Now he and her both say they are just friends and never hooked up (yes, I contacted her number), lol, but I don’t want to lose my man, though I also saw he has dating profiles and he says he doesn’t do it all the time.
Now, the question is: should l tell her how l feel about her?
I would like to apply for village idiot.
Let’s drop down my main build, because it’s the best assassin play style I like.
There’s always this one guy in horror movies that’s like: “Guys, there’s a crazy ass killer running around so we should totally split up and get ourselves killed”!
Edit 2: never mind. I’ll just print the thing
Like yeah, I understand they are booked for summer tattoos, but at least say “Hey I am booked for the rest of ____”.
If I do, I will be in my mid 30’s, because I want to live life my way.
So I’ve been getting a lot of questions about my builds from friends and happy on-lookers lately!
“Wow, you’re so hot.”
I asked her “why do you think people stopped liking it”, and she said “because it’s garbage.
I passed for UPLB BS Biology!
4. The fuck are you splitting up for?!
We can’t do it alone :-)
> My skin is green,
Hi guys, I was drinking with my friends from the US and my boyfriend and everyone’s fallen asleep, and I want to play some truth or dare or drink, so if you have Discord or Kik, just message me, owo
Maybe I am overthinking, but I’d rather die alone than live among these kind of people.
Their explanation is that they’re a bad texter, or busy, but honestly so am I (I will takes days or a week to respond), but I don’t leave people on read or open messages I know I can’t respond to at the moment.
Edit: never mind, I’m a complete noob.
Edit: never mind, anytime I type in the chat, the same shit happens.
Do you want to run some Minecraft? XD
I’m on and off though, and have quite a bit of messages to go through - will get to them when I can :-)
What a neat way to start isn’t it?
It won’t work even for single player.
All of you readers are my therapy and I don’t owe you a cent.
Why am I still alive?
Luckily the flare is a bit higher and not right where I make contact when sitting, but it still hurts like a motherfucker.
I forgot what I was about to say, and I had a math tutor, but iI couldn’t focus and just also my mind is like chaos people.
By the way, it’s my first post on this subreddit, so I might not have gotten it all down correct.
How do you guys keep it going through all the obstacles life throws at you... how?
It’s come on Fox on Fridays and as soon as 7 o’clock hits, I change the channel”.
I’ve still 2 walls left unfinished and have spent the last 45 minutes picking up wallpaper from everything.
After going “uh no?”, she sends me a picture of said candle holder from her kitchen.
By the way, this is coming from an Iron 3 player (hardstuck, friends say I should be silver and some even say platinum, because I carried a gold player).
Even just “bye” or “be right back” or something!
Why don’t they make like Sesame Street for the kids, yo?
Help would be appreciated, thank you!
> Here comes that boy.
Ok, so I swallowed a small piece of box (?) tape as I was trying to bite it off with my teeth, and then I feel it in my ear 😭 not ear but that hole in my throat that leads to the ear. It’s just stuck there, oh my God 😭😭😭
They match the graffiti though!
I’m going to admit that sometimes when I feel jealous, I just want her to reassure me like how I reassure her that it’s all good, but she will only reassure me once and then said “bye” or “talk to you later”.
Some of you are so lucky to get a GPU for free on here… lol…
